---
layout: post
permalink: maverick.html
title: Maverick
category: personal
---

It can't be that. He's acting normal and enjoying his usual routine. They said it might be calcium deposits, that must be it. The lab results probably got mixed up. It has to be something else.

The labs don't lie. Neither do the xrays, or the ultrasound, or the blood tests. It's stage 4, already spread to his lungs. It's not fair! Not him, not my beautiful baby boy who's never been anything but sweet! Seriously, what the hell?!? I screamed my voice out at the universe, and the universe was silent. YOU DON'T GET TO BE SILENT UNIVERSE!

But treatment keeps getting better all the time, right? There has to be something we can do. Just let me know what it will take. Money? Take it. One year of my life for one of his? Take it.

I know what's coming, and I don't want a daily routine without him. I don't want to go out, without him barking his way into the car to go along. I don't want to eat, without him hovering and waiting for me to share. I don't want to sleep, without him snoring next to the bed.

I stop, close my eyes and take a deep breath, and another, and another... We knew what we were getting into, and we got more than our fair share. 10 - no, 10.7 and counting - years of love and adventure. Of seeing eyes widen and smiles brighten when people saw him walking around his town. Of seeing his eyes widen and smile brighten when we went to his favorite places, and got him ice cream and french fries. Yeah, we got more than we deserve and we'll enjoy whatever time we have left. No regrets.
